I use the ebook from Gutenberg website, Cheating the Junk-Pile: The Purchase and Maintenance of Household Equipments, and here is the link https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/67507/pg67507.txt. I use the following techniques to process and analyze the data source: 1. Http GET method to send request and receive response from the ebook url 2. Use pickle to restore the text in disk 3. Use Python package re to clean text and split the text into sentences and words 4. Use Python package thefuzz to calculate the sentence similarity 5. Use Python package sklearn.manifold to cluster sentences. 

To begin, I wrote the function get_save_text to get the text and process the text into paragraphes and remove the title from the text. Then, I use another function split_word to process the paragraphes into word list. After gather the data I started to implent analysis methods. I use a stop_words file which contain bunch of stop words, and then scan through the word list, use a dictionary to store the frequency of each word, expect the stop word. Then, I use the thefuzz package to do this part. When someone input a sentence in the console, the program will search through the world list, and return the most similar sentence. For text analysis, I select 10 sentence from word list which contains the 3 most frequently used words and use sklearn.manifold to cluster them.

The Result:
The first section of my result is word frequenct statistic.The result of my code indicates that can and will have been top 2 words that appears in the text. This make sense since the book is about maintainence, which includes many instructions in the book. The second section of my code is the text similarity analysis. I input the sentence 'The python classes are important for me to learn coding.' and the result shows that the most similar sentence in the text is 'the cellar is another important room to keep well aired and should be' with similarity of 54. The final section is the text clustering analysis with image stored in the images folder.

The project is challenging for me at beginning and I have hard time finising the code and make it run succsussfully. I think the problem is that I am not very familiar with the code so that I have to go back and forth between different document to find the code that we studies before. Also , the cmd installation process did not go through fluently in the beginning. The libarary does not work when I try to import, some libaray works when I restart the laptop. After I finished code, I realized that it could be improved and I spent more time polishing the code. I need to start the assgnment ealier next time.